📓 Developer’s Diary – Week 9
Entry 1 👌 – Loading and Inspecting Cells 

Artifact : Screenshot of the different cells to be tested 

Context : I ran the various “hands-on AI configuration & connection test” scenarios to see if the cells are working properly.

Encounter Issues : One of the cells displays a “module not found” error 

My prompt : Could you explain the problem in this cell so I can understand why it isn't working?

Ai Response Summary : Explaining where is the issues . Providing code to install hands-on-ai in Colab environment . 

My Critique / Improvment : I added the function provided by Claude and confirmed that without the command `!pip install hand-on-ai`, the cell will always return the same error.

Result ✅ : Cell's was successfully load with the hand-on-ai installed . 

Reflection : I learned how to install Hand-On-AI as part of the program. I also learned the importance of running the cells properly to verify that they work correctly and to identify and understand any issues that may arise.

Entry 2 👌 : Starting runnning and editing cell's programming 

Context : I started reading and following the steps in the section: Building Processing Skills 

Artifact : Screenshot before changes were made to the foundation cell 

My prompt : Do you think it's better to load our old csv transaction files instead of creating a new sample ? 

Ai Answer summury : Affirmed that using previous csv files was a pretty good idea . Provide python code .

Improvement : I added important pandas as pd functions and url to load the sample_transaction.csv files . 

Result ✅:  The cell's is proprely organised without adding or creating another sample data transaction . Using the sample transaction .csv files was a pretty good idea .

Reflection : I think that using the sample_transaction.csv was the best idea in this situation as result as simplying and also organising the cell's in a proper way . Using Ai and asked him to confirmed my idea was really helpfull to make the work proprer and well organized . 
